So we started using AIdriven email
marketing strategies for this e-commerce
brand in March and since then store
revenue is up 40% and email revenue up
828% 60% of total store revenue
primarily using AIdriven strategies just
chat GBT and just making sure you prompt
it correctly and I'm going to show you
how it writes high converting copy that
is on brand for your brand the exact
prompts you should use and everything
that you need for strategy. So let's go
over that. So going to go over here
inside of chat GPT going to go over to
new chat and right here in this dock I
have a few of the key prompts that we
use. Um so I want to go over it and go
over an example with you in this video.
So first we're going to go with writing
email copy. So I've tested all sorts of
different prompts and these are the best
prompts that I have found for creating
these emails. So writing email copy, we
want to start off with giving us some
context on what we're doing. So we say
you're an expert copyriter trained to
write e-commerce email marketing copy.
Your mission is to write punchy direct
response friendly email marketing copy
tailored for e-commerce brands. This
word punchy for some it triggers
something in chat GPT for some reason
that makes the emails just pack a lot of
punch. You want to make sure that these
are short. Copy must be short, skipable
and optimized for mobile inboxes. That's
a super important line while aligned
with brand tone and customers journey
stage. So my favorite part here is
having right three short and punchy. You
see I'm using this again email campaign
variation displayed in table format. So
we're going to get three different
variations for everything right here.
Each variation must include the
following field. So we have everything
that we need for an email. Headline, sub
headline, first call to action, body
copy, bridge section, product section.
All winning emails follow this sort of
layout, some of them even shorter. Um,
and then important notes. So just to
reiterate some stuff, imagebased layout,
design for mobile first consumption,
bold, no fluff, uh, attention grabbing,
yada yada yada. So let's test this out
for brand. Then of course we also need
this brand context section. I found that
this is all you need to give chat GBT on
your brand on the brand and then the
brief for the email. Um, so here's what
you need to know about the brand and the
email you're writing about. Give the
brand website. Give an overview, two to
three sentences. I'll go over this
example for you. Um, customer insights,
then email topic or campaign angle.
What's the email you want written? So,
this is what we're doing. As far as the
brand we're going to write for, we're
going to do it for Grunes. I think
that's how you pronounce it. Um,
essentially it is an Athletic Greens
competitor. Um, they compete versus
Athletic Greens, the green powder, and
essentially it's just like a daily gummy
bear that you eat. Um, so this is what
we are going to be doing. I literally
asked Chatbt to fill out these questions
for Grun. So, I'm going to copy and
paste this. I'm going to start a new
chat. Enter the brand context and then
copy the rest of this prompt. And then
you will see exactly what this output is
like. Let's go right here. Boom.
Amazing. Should reflect the brand as
described. And so everything is right
here. Let's click enter. Let's take a
look at the output that we get. Okay, we
got everything in table format. Here is
how it is coming in. All righty. So we
can see the different variations. Here
is the first variation right here.
Subject line, your daily greens are
lying to you. Ooh, interesting. Powder
spills overpriced routines. We beat them
all. Like it. Greens but better. That's
a really cool headline. Uh let's look at
these different headlines. We fix daily
nutrition. Old school nutritions got
competition. That's a great one as well.
Look at those awesome headlines. We'll
look at these different subject lines.
The gummy that humbled your green juice.
Awesome. Green powders walked so this
gummy could have run. Look at how
amazing that is. That's an awesome uh
fun piece of coffee. Why choose powder
when you can pop a gummy? Beautiful.
This looks great. So the headlines, we
fixed daily nutrition. Old schools got
competition. Forget the blender. This
gummy changes the game. And we fixed
daily nutrition. It made it taste
better, too. I love that. Boom. And then
a first CTA make the switch. We kept the
ingredients. Ditched everything else.
Boom. Shop the upgrade. Now, let's look
at some body copy right here. You're not
tired. You're undernourished. Most
greens taste like grass clippings and
demand a full kitchen. Greens gives you
70 plus nutritions and one gum needs
that actually tastes good. Amazing.
Green powders are gritty. Pills are hard
to keep up with. And overpriced routines
don't even start. It's friendly. Boom.
You're busy. Your nutrition should be
easy. Amazing. Now, let's look at this
bridge section. So, it gives us a little
bit of a prompt for the bridge section.
Let's do a visual. do a sideby-side of
Guns versus Powder/Pills, a graphic, a
fivestar review with quote, I threw out
my $60 green powder. Awesome. A visual
what's inside ingredient comparison
graphic. And so if we wanted it to give
us the copy for this, what we could do
as well um is we could do something like
write the copy the copy for this bridge
section that you gave me. And then we
could have it write the copy and it
already has all this information. Let's
take a look at the product section here,
Greens Daily Gummy. And then it just has
like a little bit of information right
here. And you have a couple different
options that you could do. Um, so boom,
here we are getting the copy right here.
Artificial sweeteners and fillers. Yes.
Tastes like grass. Prep time and cleanup
every time. Cool. Lab tested in real
food source sometimes. Every batched.
Boom. Awesome graphic. And then a call
to action. Perfect. Amazing copy right
there. That's the only prompt that you
need there for writing copy. And then
you can just go back and forth. Whatever
you want to say. Chat Gvt can edit. I
think you kind of know uh what to do
here. So there's writing copy. That's
the best prompt that you're going to
find. and it's been optimized and it's
what we use for a lot of our brands.
Now, let's do email ideas and then also
the email calendar in building the
strategy. So, if you just want a ton of
email ideas, this is the prompt that I
like to use. So, I'm going to do this.
Copy this and then we're going to apply
it. So, give me 50 non-discount email
marketing campaign ideas for my ecom
brand. They should be creative and
specific to the brand, product, and
customer pain points. Designed to build
trust, yada yada yada. Aligned with
direct response principles with some of
the main principles and then focus on
specific features, benefits, FAQs,
objections, or use cases. And then the
same kind of brand info right here.
Output should be bulleted list. Uh each
with some explanation. So we're going to
do this. I'm going to create a new chat.
Copy this. Insert. And then boom. 50
non-discount email campaigns that we
could do and send to our list. And then
boom. So looks like it's going to
categorize it based on some different
stuff. What's inside our gummy? Visual
breakdown of all 70 plus ingredients
explaining each category's benefits.
Amazing. Some great education there. The
science behind the simplicity. How we
pack so much in one gummy. How greens
boost energy without caffeine. Love
that. That's a great angle. Ditch your
caffeine. This is how we boost without
caffeine. And so, even though this store
has one product, look at how many
different angles and ideas that we can
create for this. How greens boost energy
without caffeine. Green powder.
Side-by-side breakdown. Top three myths
about multivitamins. Your daily stack
just got smarter. How it replaces a
bunch of different stuff. Perfect.
Feeling different in 7 days. Here's what
to expect. We don't call it a cheat code
for nothing. Objection handling. I eat
healthy already. Here's why you still
need this. Not a pill person. Neither
are we. This is just another trendy
gummy. Uh, what if I forget to take it?
yada yada yada. Mental and physical
performance. What fuels your brain?
Amazing. Mornings made smarter. Social
proof. All sorts of different stuff.
Urgency and excitement. Only 10 seconds
a day. Can you commit? This is great.
Behind the scenes. I love this behind
the scenes sort of stuff like why we
chose a gummy over capsule or powder. I
think that that's a helpful story. And
it also shows like how you're different.
A founder point of view right here. So,
we love that. Use case and lifestyle.
So, traveling. I bet it's really easy to
travel with these because they're really
small. So, we love that. Busy morning.
We got you. Parent tested. So, talking
specifically towards like parent. Um,
educational content led. How to actually
read a supplement label can have some
help helpful stuff here. Why taste
matters more than you think. Explain how
flavor helps build habits and why most
brands screw it up. Lots of good stuff
here. Customer Q&A. Boom. Amazing.
Banger. Now, let's go to this last,
which is an email calendar, which I can
start a new chat here. I'm going to put
the brand information. I'm going to copy
this email calendar right here for what
I recommend two to four email campaign
sends for each week. And then tying into
the season, this is all the stuff that
we found to just work the best. I'm
going to copy this right down here and
then go right here. Create a monthly
email campaign calendar. July campaign
calendar. Perfect. Let us see this. All
right. Week one, July 1st through 7. So,
theme summer energy starting fresh and
clearing up objections. Great. Uh,
summer. We always like to tie into
seasons. So, a lot of this prompt is
talking about the seasons. Uh, so summer
brain fog. Uh, goal address a common
seasonal issue. Mental fatigue and
summer heat. Position us as the fix. Why
not just take a multivitamin? The gummy
that replaced my sixstep routine. So, a
UGC sort of thing. Um, then July 8th
through 14. Uh, theme on travel,
digestion, and trust building. Travel
hack. Stay regular on the go. Rear
review. I didn't believe it till I tried
it. Runes versus green powder. Great
inside the gummy. Awesome. Midmon
motivation. Simplicity. You're not lazy.
Your routine is just broken. What
doctors are saying, good social proof.
So, myth verse facts. Some education.
And then we have July customer
lifestyle. Focus on this one from
sluggish to sharp. Two weeks on goons.
Ask us anything. Not another fad here.
Where we actually work. And then awesome
end of month momentum. And then
community building. A founders note.
Love the personal touch here coming from
the founder. And then a July wrap-up
tips and wins. Perfect. Awesome calendar
right here. If you're like, "Hey, I want
to include a sale 10% off that lasts one
week. Can you fit that into the
calendar?" And then boom, you are all
set. Sale window the 15th to the 21st is
when they do it. Perfect. And so they
are going to have the sale right here.
Summer recharge sale now 10% off last
day. So we have some urgency. Amazing.
That's all we need. And that gives you a
great starting point for everything. I
actually have a custom GPT here, which
has all this context and everything put
together for you. So, if you just click
main menu right here, uh, what this will
do is it'll give you some options for
what you have. Like, I have a question
about email marketing, give me an email
marketing campaign, give me email
campaign ideas, create me an email
marketing campaign calendar, yada yada
yada. Um, create me a graphic to use in
my email, whatever you want. If you need
campaign ideas, we can do this. And then
we can do it for Grunes. So, it's going
to ask the same sort of thing. But what
I can do here, all I have is this. Use
the website. And this has everything for
you. It'll ask you, you can ask email
marketing questions like, "How many
emails should I send? Is it good to do
this?" Whatever it is. Um, so here are
20 non-discount campaigns. Just spit out
right here. And then boom, do you want a
full calendar mapped out? Everything
right here. If you want this, just go to
wellcopy.net/GPT.
And then this will just give you access
to this custom GPT, which will do
everything really fast for you. I'll
have this doc in the description so that
you can have it for yourself and you can
use these prompts, mess around with it.
Super helpful. And yeah, these are my
best prompts that have taken a lot of
work. So, make sure you check out
everything else on my channel. Lots of
the value that I provide. Um, and be on
the lookout for some more stuff coming
in. So, hope that was helpful. See you
in the next one.